Synopsis
--------

The aim of this API is to manage real estate registry for building. 


How to run
----------

After you run ApplicationBuilding class API will start on your default host and 8081 port. 
You can change the port in application.yml file.


API endpoints
-------------

To get data from API you can use simple curl requests or use implemented Swagger framework (http://host:port/swagger-ui.html#/)


+ /v1/buildings: 
    - Provides information about all buildings.
    - Saves new building if body provided. Exmple of request body: 
    {
      "id": 20,
      "owner": "string",
      "address": {
        "city": "string",
        "street": "string",
        "number": 0
      },
      "value": 0,
      "type": "APARTMENT",
      "size": 0
    }
    If you do not send ID, it will be autogenerated

+ /v1/buildings/{id}: 
    - Provides information about building selected by ID.
    - Updates building selected by ID (or creates new if ID does not exist). Example of request body: 
    {
      "id": 20,
      "owner": "string",
      "address": {
        "city": "string",
        "street": "string",
        "number": 0
      },
      "value": 0,
      "type": "APARTMENT",
      "size": 0
    }
    
 + /v1/buildings/owner/{owner}:
    - Provides information about buildings selected by owner
    
+ /v1/buildings/owner/{owner}/tax:
    - Calculates total yearly real estate tax for a particular owner
    
+ /v1/buildings/similar: (This endpoint requires street, city, type and size variables)
    - Returns information up to 3 buildings of the same type on the same street that have the size most similar to the input parameter.
    Properties with higher market value have bigger priority.
    
At this example, when APP starts some test data is loaded.
